INTDB-301-DOC: Move Federated Docs to separate branch (#747)
mongodb/terraform-provider-mongodbatlas: website/docs/d/federated_settings_org_role_mapping.html.markdown

---
layout: "mongodbatlas"

> page_title: "MongoDB Atlas: mongodbatlas_cloud_federated-settings_role_mapping"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
page_title: "MongoDB Atlas: mongodbatlas_federated-settings_role_mapping"
```

sidebar_current: "docs-mongodbatlas-datasource-federated-settings-role-mapping"
description: |-

>     Provides an Federated settings Role Mapping Datasource.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Provides a federated settings role mapping data source.
```

Reviewer: Missed

---

> # mongodbatlas_cloud_federated_settings_org_role_mapping

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# mongodbatlas_federated_settings_org_role_mapping
```

> `mongodbatlas_cloud_federated_settings_org_role_mapping` provides an Federated Settings Org Role Mapping datasource. Atlas Cloud Federated Settings Org Role Mapping provides federated settings outputs for the configured Org Role Mapping.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`mongodbatlas_federated_settings_org_role_mapping` provides a federated settings organization role mapping data source. Atlas federated settings organization role mapping provides federated settings outputs for the configured organization role Mapping.
```

## Example Usage

```terraform

> resource "mongodbatlas_cloud_federated_settings_org_role_mapping" "org_group_role_mapping_import" {

Reviewer: ```suggestion
resource "mongodbatlas_federated_settings_org_role_mapping" "org_group_role_mapping_import" {
```

  federation_settings_id = ""
  org_id                 = "627a9683e7f7f7ff7fe306f14"
  group_id               = "628aa20d7f7f7f7f7098b81b8"
  external_group_name    = "myGrouptest"
  organization_roles     = ["ORG_OWNER", "ORG_MEMBER", "ORG_BILLING_ADMIN", "ORG_GROUP_CREATOR", "ORG_READ_ONLY"]
  group_roles            = ["GROUP_OWNER","GROUP_CLUSTER_MANAGER","GROUP_DATA_ACCESS_ADMIN","GROUP_DATA_ACCESS_READ_WRITE","GROUP_SEARCH_INDEX_EDITOR","GROUP_DATA_ACCESS_READ_ONLY","GROUP_READ_ONLY"]

> }

Reviewer: Not updated to match related PR.

Reviewer: @martinstibbe not fixed.

Author: Fixed

> data "mongodbatlas_cloud_federated_settings_org_role_mapping" "role_mapping" {

Reviewer: ```suggestion
data "mongodbatlas_federated_settings_org_role_mapping" "role_mapping" {
```

  federation_settings_id = mongodbatlas_cloud_federated_settings_org_role_mapping.org_group_role_mapping_import.id
  org_id                 = "627a9683e7f7f7ff7fe306f14"
  role_mapping_id        = "627a9673e7f7f7ff7fe306f14"
}
```

## Argument Reference

* `federation_settings_id` - (Required) Unique 24-hexadecimal digit string that identifies the federated authentication configuration.
* `org_id` - Unique 24-hexadecimal digit string that identifies the connected organization.
* `page_num` - (Optional)  	The page to return. Defaults to `1`.

> * `items_per_page` - (Optional) Number of items to return per page, up to a maximum of 500. Defaults to `100`.

Reviewer: should only be in get all data source?

Reviewer: @martinstibbe not fixed.

Author: Removed from singular Datasource

## Attributes Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

* `results` - Includes cloudProviderSnapshot object for each item detailed in the results array section.
* `totalCount` - Count of the total number of items in the result set. It may be greater than the number of objects in the results array if the entire result set is paginated.

### FederatedSettingsOrgRoleMappings

* `external_group_name` - Unique human-readable label that identifies the identity provider group to which this role mapping applies.
* `id` - Unique 24-hexadecimal digit string that identifies this role mapping.
* `role_assignments` - Atlas roles and the unique identifiers of the groups and organizations associated with each role.
* `group_id` - Unique identifier of the project that owns this Role Mapping Configuration.

> * `role` - Specifies the Role that is attached to the Role Mapping.

Reviewer: This and another use are pretty different than the source docs: https://www.mongodb.com/docs/atlas/reference/api/role-mapping-return-one/, any particular reason?
